hi this is presto occur in this video
we'll discuss a long division puzzle
alright here's the problem you have a
six digit number starting with six
divided by three digit number ending in
nine that results in a three digit
number ending in five and three can you
figure out what the missing digits are
in other words can you fill in the rest
of these boxes to make this long
division problem work out so this
problem has been around for about a
hundred years popularized by the puzzle
maker Sam Lloyd and you should give it a
try when you're ready you can keep
watching to see how I figured out the
problem all right so what I would do is
there's a lot of information here so
we're going to try and focus on just one
piece at a time so the first step of the
long division procedure is we have nine
times this number that's missing and
that'll end up with the unit's digit of
two so we want to think what times nine
could end up with the unit's digit of
two going through the different
possibilities this only happens when we
have nine times eight which is 72 so
that means this missing digit here has
to be an eight and this is useful
information because that means we know
the result has to be 853
the next thing I would try and do is
figure out the second digit next to the
nine so we know the result is 853 and
we're dividing by something that has a
units digit of nine so if we multiply 3
by 9 that has to give us the unit's
digit of the very last number that we
end up with so we know this number at
the very end has to be 7 now since
there's no remainder the number above it
has to be 7 and also the tens digit has
to be a four so that 47 minus 47 cancels
out so now we need to figure out
something that has like 1929 so on x 3
that'll have the last two digits of four
and seven and going through the
possibilities the only way this will
happen is if we have 49 so we can
already deduce the second digit will be
four now we only have one more number
that's missing which is the hundred
spots in our three digit number so how
can we figure that out well we know the
result is a six digit number that's 608
or you know more than 600,000 less than
700,000 so we'll do some estimation so
in order to get the answer to be a six
digit number that has leading digit of
six the only answer could really be
something around 750 so we know that
this digit actually has to be a seven
and that's pretty much all the
information we need once we know that we
have we're dividing by 749 the result is
853 we can go in reverse and multiply
these two numbers that'll get us what
the original number is six hundred
thirty-eight thousand eight hundred
ninety seven and from there we can just
do the problem is normal and we can
figure out all of the
the missing digits so here is the
solution I hope you liked this video
please subscribe to my channel you can
support me on patreon catch me on my
blog mind your decisions on Twitter at
pressure Locker and you can get my books
listed on my website